EDITORIAL NOTE: This story first appeared on The Athletic's website on November 6, 2025. The byline is Nick Baumbardner. The original article appears here: https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/6780201/2025/11/06/nfl-mock-draft-2026-jets-cowboys-arvell-reese/


(WRITE YOUR OWN UNIQUE HEADLINE)
(WRITE SUBHEAD IF NECESSARY)
(BYLINE AND DATE OF THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR AND STORY)



After an absolutely wild trade deadline, four teams — the Jets, Cowboys, Browns and Rams — now hold multiple first-round selections in the 2026 NFL Draft. How will that impact how things play out in late April?

We still have a long wait until then, but here’s a look at how Round 1 might go.

1. New York Jets: Arvell Reese, edge/LB, Ohio State

If there’s a football player in this draft reminiscent of Micah Parsons, it’s pretty clearly Reese, the dynamic Ohio State junior. He can play in the box, off the edge or even in the slot in some situations — he has true do-it-all potential and could be a game-breaker in the NFL.

There’s zero pressure on the Jets to take a quarterback here, as they now own five first-round picks over the next two years.

2. Tennessee Titans: Rueben Bain Jr., edge, Miami

Bain still has a case to be the top prospect in this class, although the more Reese plays, the more he flashes and the harder he is to ignore. Miami hasn’t had its best month, but there’s still time. Bain has a combined 23 tackles for loss and 13.0 sacks in his college career.

3. New Orleans Saints: Keldric Faulk, DL/edge, Auburn

The Saints could look at a quarterback, but they might be better off using their top pick on the best player available and waiting to see what happens with Tyler Shough and Spencer Rattler.

Faulk’s production (2.0 sacks, five tackles for loss) could be better this season, but his potential is off the charts. If he can put together a great closing stretch, he also could be in the No. 1 discussion. He’s an extremely versatile defensive lineman with terrific traits and athleticism.

4. New York Giants: Spencer Fano, OT, Utah

Fano has been my top-ranked offensive tackle all year — and, as of now, he’s the only prospect at that position I’d be comfortable taking in the top five. He is an elite athlete who could play either tackle spot (and probably even guard, if need be).

The Giants have some exciting young pieces and could be just a few more away from turning a corner.

5. Miami Dolphins: Caleb Downs, S, Ohio State

The Dolphins could be in the QB market, too, depending on the coaching situation (among other things). But they also need secondary help, and Downs might be the best overall football player in this class. He won’t just remind you of someone like Ed Reed — he’s more a blend of Reed and Detroit’s Brian Branch. There’s nothing Downs can’t do in a secondary.

6. Las Vegas Raiders: Fernando Mendoza, QB, Indiana

The Raiders are in position to draft their quarterback of the future while Geno Smith is still on the roster, which would allow them to ease their next passer into the NFL.

Mendoza has gotten better every week, flashing as a more athletic version of Jared Goff inside Curt Cignetti’s Indiana offense.

7. Cincinnati Bengals: Francis Mauigoa, OT, Miami

Cincinnati likely will have another chance to address its offensive line in this draft, and Mauigoa — a starter since his true freshman year — can be a culture changer for a group that really needs it.

Defensive back or edge could be other possibilities for the Bengals, but offensive line has been a need for a minute. For Joe Burrow’s sake, it might be time to fix that.

8. Cleveland Browns: Ty Simpson, QB, Alabama

Of all the quarterbacks in the 2026 class, Simpson has been the most consistent processor, helping to pick Alabama up off the mat after a season-opening loss and climb into College Football Playoff position. I don’t believe this is too high for Simpson, either — he could easily finish the year as QB1.

9. Washington Commanders: Jordyn Tyson, WR, Arizona State

The Commanders could go with an edge in Round 1, but Jayden Daniels still needs a big-time, future No. 1 receiver who can help set a tone for the rest of the offense. And Tyson is the most complete WR in this draft. He blocks, and wins both in the air and underneath. Tyson does everything — and does it well.

10. Arizona Cardinals: Carnell Tate, WR, Ohio State

Jeremiah Smith is the most talented football player in college football, but Tate continues to make sure people aren’t forgetting about him. The big-bodied junior has had dominant stretches this season, flashing star potential of his own in the process. This would be an elite fit alongside Marvin Harrison Jr., Tate’s former teammate in Columbus.

11. Dallas Cowboys: David Bailey, edge, Texas Tech

Thanks to their deadline trade with the Jets, the Cowboys now have a truly elite defensive interior, with Kenny Clark and Quinnen Williams. They still need more off the edge, however. Corner could be another possibility in Round 1, but Bailey (13 sacks, 55 pressures in nine games) has been electric this season. 

12. Houston Texans: Jeremiyah Love, RB, Notre Dame

Love, the first running back in Notre Dame history to have two touchdown runs of 90-plus yards, is one of those guys — the type of running back who, like Bijan Robinson, Jahmyr Gibbs and Ashton Jeanty, can be a true three-down weapon in the NFL. He is RB1 in this class, by a mile.

13. Los Angeles Rams (from ATL): Avieon Terrell, CB, Clemson

The Rams could be in outstanding shape for the 2026 draft — even after what’s looking like a very successful 2025 season — thanks to last draft’s shrewd trade with Atlanta. They should be able to find a quarterback to (eventually) replace Matthew Stafford, a tackle or a new star corner.

Terrell has been the most consistent defender on a star-studded, but slumping, Clemson squad.

14. Carolina Panthers: Peter Woods, DT, Clemson

On talent alone, Woods is a top-10 prospect. But he hasn’t delivered the type of production that we saw during his freshman and sophomore seasons. Woods might flirt with the top five if he bounces back and has a strong finish to the season, or he could be a steal for a team in the teens.

15. Minnesota Vikings: Jermod McCoy, CB, Tennessee

McCoy’s situation reminds me a little of what happened with former Michigan corner Will Johnson last season. Johnson missed most of the season with an injury and ultimately fell out of the first round, but he’s now playing like a first-round corner.

If McCoy has a productive draft prep cycle, he’ll be gone in Round 1.

16. Chicago Bears: Kadyn Proctor, OT, Alabama

The Ben Johnson era in Chicago has already produced major offensive strides, but there’s more work ahead. Adding an offensive tackle, such as the hulking Proctor, would provide a boost.

Don’t rule out a trade-up for Love, either, if Chicago winds up in this range.

17. Baltimore Ravens: T.J. Parker, edge, Clemson

Like Woods, Parker has the talent of a top-10 prospect but hasn’t really played like it this season. The Ravens need more help off the edge, though, especially after trading Odafe Oweh earlier this season, and Parker’s upside is still worth betting on.

18. Cleveland Browns (from JAX): Chris Bell, WR, Louisville

Bell has been a legit star this season for Jeff Brohm and Louisville. An explosive and powerful 6-2, 220-pounder with a unique build and enough speed to be a problem inside or out, Bell now has 30 contested catches for his college career.

19. Pittsburgh Steelers: Dante Moore, QB, Oregon

This could be another situation in which a team drafts a quarterback and gives him a year to gather himself — Aaron Rodgers still might have another season left in him.

That said, don’t rule out the possibility of Moore being ready on Day 1. He’s still very young and inexperienced, but his poise and arm talent are outstanding.

20. San Francisco 49ers: Caleb Lomu, OT, Utah

The 49ers picked up athletic edge rusher Keion White a few days ahead of the trade deadline, so that might check off one of their big needs. Offensive tackle is another, especially as the legendary career of future Hall of Famer Trent Williams winds down.

21. Tampa Bay Buccaneers: Zion Young, edge, Missouri

A big-bodied edge with great length and natural body twitch, Young (6-5, 260) moves like a 230-pounder. He can be a flash player, but his traits are special and could be worth investing in early.

22. Los Angeles Chargers: A’Mauri Washington, DT, Oregon

Stop me if you’ve heard this one before: Another young Oregon defender is climbing the draft board. A load at 6-3, 330 with good length, quickness and upper-body strength, Washington has the athletic ability to fill multiple gaps along a defensive front. He hasn’t come close to his ceiling yet.

23. Detroit Lions: Matayo Uiagalelei, edge, Oregon

The Lions could look for offensive line help in the first round (either tackle or interior O-line), but a long-term answer opposite Aidan Hutchinson still remains at least a possibility.

Uiagalelei, yet another young Oregon defender, has the ability to convert speed to power while playing multiple spots up front. He’d be a perfect Hutchinson complement.

24. Denver Broncos: CJ Allen, LB, Georgia

This year’s Georgia team feels like the epitome of a Kirby Smart squad: relentless and never out of a fight. This isn’t the most talented or seasoned Bulldogs team we’ve seen, but it’s one of the toughest — and Allen, a hyper-athletic and physical stack linebacker, is the defense’s heartbeat. He could be a tad bigger, but the 235-pounder moves like a basketball player and doesn’t miss tackles. 

25. Seattle Seahawks: Cashius Howell, edge, Texas A&M

Wide receiver might not be as big of a need for the Seahawks, depending on how Rashid Shaheed pans out. The Seahawks could go with a corner, but more explosion off the edge also wouldn’t hurt.

Howell (6-2, 248) is all gas off the edge. He has 10 sacks (34 pressures) in nine games with a crazy 24.7 percent win rate.

26. Kansas City Chiefs: Kenyon Sadiq, TE, Oregon

This feels like cheating, because I had Sadiq at No. 8 on my midseason Top 50. That ranking might’ve been a touch high for some, but I think Sadiq absolutely belongs among the 15 best prospects in the class. He’s one of the most athletic tight ends we’ve seen in some time, so this would be perfect timing for the Chiefs with Travis Kelce entering the twilight of his career.

27. New England Patriots: Denzel Boston, WR, Washington

This might be too low for Boston, who continues to put up huge numbers. A big-bodied receiver who’s quick enough to win underneath, Boston has made at least five catches in six of Washington’s nine games. Could he be Drake Maye’s new best friend?

28. Dallas Cowboys (from GB): Mansoor Delane, CB, LSU

The Cowboys obviously don’t have Micah Parsons anymore, so we’ll see how this new-look defensive front works out. As mentioned, though, Dallas is in great position to make serious improvements via the draft.

Delane has been one of the few consistently bright spots for LSU this year.

29. New York Jets (from IND): LaNorris Sellers, QB, South Carolina

It’s pretty tough to slot Sellers right now. He may be better served by spending another year in college (possibly even in a new offense somewhere), but he’s also the most physically gifted quarterback in this class. This would be a draft-and-stash situation, but the Jets have great flexibility now.

30. Philadelphia Eagles: Quincy Rhodes Jr., edge, Arkansas

A huge edge defender with length and burst, Rhodes (6-6, 275) is probably still more potential than finished product — but the ceiling is very high. He’s already made seven sacks for Arkansas this season, adding 24 run stops as a very active edge setter.

31. Buffalo Bills: KC Concepcion, WR, Texas A&M

When Concepcion’s playing with consistent hands, he’s one of the most dangerous offensive weapons in the country. A wide receiver who’s extremely explosive and almost always open, he’d be a lot of fun — and add a weapon on special teams — in Buffalo.

32. Los Angeles Rams: Isaiah World, OT, Oregon

After fleecing the Falcons last year, the Rams are in position to make a very good team even better.

World (6-8, 309) is one of the most intriguing tackle prospects in this class, and he’s allowed just one sack and six pressures in his debut season at Oregon.




SUGGESTED SUPPORTING ELEMENTS:
- Photos of the Top 10 Prospects  
- Table comparing breakdown of position players
- Video highlight embeds of selected players from YouTube

- DO NOT simply copy/paste the original multimedia contents that accompany the original story - you need to make your own
